---
layout: default
title: "Our papers are published!"
date: 2024-10-01
categories: news
tags: [Publication]
excerpt: "Li lab published two papers in October in the journals Neuroimage and Neurophotonics."
---

Li lab published two papers in October, congratulations!

One paper, entitled "Multimodal Investigation of Dynamic Brain Network Alterations in Autism spectrum disorder: Linking Connectivity Dynamics to Symptoms and Developmental Trajectories", was published in the journal Neuroimage (IF=4.7, Q1). This study employed concurrent electroencephalography (EEG) and functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) techniques to investigate dynamic functional connectivity (dFC) patterns and neurovascular characteristics in children with ASD. This research is led by Prof. Rihui Li at the CCBS of UM and Dr. Guang Yang at PLA General Hospital. PhD student Yuhang Li is the co-first author of this paper ([link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1053811924003926)).

The other paper, entitled "Disentangling the impact of motion artifact correction algorithms on functional near-infrared spectroscopy–based brain network analysis", was published in the journal Neurophotonics (IF=4.8, Q1). This paper investigated the effect of different MA correction algorithms on the performance of brain FC and topology analyses. This research is led by Prof. Rihui Li at the CCBS of UM and Dr. Dalin Yang at the Washington Univ. in St. Louis, USA. PhD student Shuo Guan is the first author of this paper ([link](https://www.spiedigitallibrary.org/journals/neurophotonics/volume-11/issue-4/045006/Disentangling-the-impact-of-motion-artifact-correction-algorithms-on-functional/10.1117/1.NPh.11.4.045006.full)).
